welcome to the audi-sportpark in Ingolstadt
the home of FC Ingolstadt 04
We welcome you with a smile in one of the most modern stages of the
Bundesliga
A visit to the Audi sports park is an experience for young and old alike
football fans
guided visitor tours are possible
for groups and individualists is open like the doors and guns
like a look behind the scenes
this is a visit to the dressing room of football professionals
Everything is well arranged here for the next home game of the
start page
from the grandstand an impressive view over the interior of the Audi
sports park
the elegant architecture is reminiscent of English football stadiums
however, the visitor will immediately recognize the color and Anglo at home
is
Steep narrow a flat roof and close to the field
a visit to the sports park is probably unique
The approximately 15,000 visitor seats are all covered
From them you have a good view of the field
whether standing or sitting
Simple close to happening on the lawn
and where else coaching staff and players sit
Since pleased the offspring of his football enthusiasm let free rein
impressive as well
the business area of ​​the Audi sports park
sophisticated architecture also in the interior
and with a bit of luck you can meet soccer players and officials of the
FC04
Football to touch
and also a side trip illustrated in the fc04 belongs to a visit
in the stadium
here the heart of every Schanzer fan inevitably beats the door
Jerseys in the club colors and fan articles in rich selection
he examines flies equipped for the next game
Of course, the autograph cards of the football professionals should not be missing
the whole family ready for the next home match now FC Ingolstadt
we are also looking for the new audi-sportpark for one of the home games
or as part of the regular stadium tours
We look forward to you